hi baby tossed mango doing that's cash
mango wants to count how do we count
like that 1 2 3
you're counting I'm waiting for you to
count to 1 2 3
Yeti Sam you're dozing off it's too
early in the morning right you have
anything more to say to us bangle hi
baby
you're so sleeping you trying to wake up
huh it's very early in the morning good
morning maybe you won't listen to music
okay we'll put the music on yeah we'll
put the music on after we do this
recording mommy only has a set of hands
come on listen to music huh
you
a team or mango
one say hello to your friends hmm
say hi eggy give him a kiss kiss kiss
hmm
good morning blue gonna kiss now who's
gonna background who's in the background
the wrinkle is blueberry you're back in
the cage again you want to say something
to us mom
it was your brother just brothers
talking this is mango talking you want
to be on camera too okay you want to be
on camera - most about what come on
now you say 3.15 what's pi 3.14159 you
guys blueberries over here
I'm blueberry you on gon swing now you
were saying mango you were seeing pi is
3.14 as 3.1415
once anything else hi baby
you wanna say anything else